Parameter node wrapper (#6684)
Slicer/Slicer: Docs/developer_guide/parameter_nodes.md

# Parameter Nodes

## Overview

Parameter nodes are often used in scripted modules to store data such that it can be easily saved to the MRML scene. They are simply MRML nodes that exist in a scene and store data. One of their most common uses is to save GUI state in module widgets.

The parameter node concept is implemented in C++ in the `vtkMRMLScriptedModuleNode` which has `GetParameter` and `SetParameter` methods for saving arbitrary string data to the scene. While the base `vtkMRMLScriptedModuleNode` is
great for scene saving, treating all data as strings is not ideal, so a parameter node wrapper was implemented.

## Parameter Node Wrapper Classes

> The parameter node wrapper allow wrapping around a `vtkMRMLScriptedModuleNode` parameter node with typed member access. A simple example is as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter node wrapper allows wrapping around a `vtkMRMLScriptedModuleNode` parameter node with typed member access. A simple example is as follows.
```

Author: Updated.

    """
    Writes the value to the parameterNode under the given name.
    Note: It is acceptable to mangle the name as long the same name can be used for reading.
    For example the built-in ListSerializer does this.
    """
    parameterNode.SetParameter(name, f"{value.x},{value.y},{value.z}")
  def read(self, parameterNode: slicer.vtkMRMLScriptedModuleNode, name: str):
    """
    Reads and returns the value with the given name from the parameterNode.
    """
    val = parameterNode.GetParameter(name)
    vals = val.split(',')
    return CustomClass(int(vals[0]), int(vals[1]), int(vals[2]))
  def remove(self, parameterNode: slicer.vtkMRMLScriptedModuleNode, name: str) -> None:
    """
    Removes the value of the given name from the parameterNode.
    """
    parameterNode.UnsetParameter(name)

@parameterNodeWrapper
class CustomClassParameterNode(object):
  # can now use CustomClass like any other type for building parameterNodeWrappers
  custom: Annotated[CustomClass, Default(CustomClass(1,2,3))]
  listOfCustom: list[CustomClass]

```

### Caching

The `vtkMRMLScriptedModuleNode` stores its values as strings, but converting from string to another

> type can be slow. Caching is used to speed up repeated reads under the hood. If the value hasn't been written to the _parameter node wrapper_ then it will use the cached value. Note this means if the underlying `vtkMRMLScriptedModuleNode` parameter node changes not through the wrapper, the cache will not be updated and the cached value will be wrong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type can be slow. Caching is used to reduce repeated costly reads under the hood. If a value hasn't been written through the _parameter node wrapper_ since the last read, then it will use the cached value. Note this means if the underlying `vtkMRMLScriptedModuleNode` parameter node changes outside of the wrapper, the cache will not be updated and the cached value will be wrong.
```

Author: Updated.
